Welcome to my Chu family tonight
Organized business dinner
The purpose of this dinner is only one
That is to establish a merchant
Completely isolate the Ye family from the contract form
Ye family since a few years ago, third miss Ye Yu
The marriage bestowed by the lord has been attracted
He claimed to be the first situation in Beijing
Bossy without supervision
Wantonly violate the rules of our industry
Now it's time for everyone to be out of gas
Miss Chu is right
The Ye family relies on the power left by the old man Ye
Suppress peers everywhere
We can't stand them for a long time
Especially that bitch Ye Yufei
Just married by the lord of the country
That nose is going to the sky
Miss Chu, please take the lead
Let's boycott the Ye family together
Since you have already seen through
Then tonight, I, Chu Yu, represent the Chu Wu family
Lead again.
I solemnly promise again
Anyone who is willing to join the business alliance to fight the Ye family together
After the Ye family was taken down
The right to divide up the assets of the Ye family
OK
Then I hereby announce the official establishment of Shangjing Business Alliance
Everyone here
Who is for who is against
I agree. I agree.
I also agree I agree I agree
I object.